federalist 21
other defects of the present
confederation for the independent
journal
hamilton to the people of the state of
new york
having in the three last numbers taken a
summary review of the principal
circumstances and events which have
depicted the genius and fate of other
confederate governments
i shall now proceed in the enumeration
of the most important of those defects
which have hitherto disappointed our
hopes from the system established among
ourselves
to form a safe and satisfactory judgment
of the proper remedy
it is absolutely necessary that we
should be well acquainted with the
extent
and malignity of the disease the next
most palpable defect of the subsisting
confederation
is the total want of a sanction to its
laws
the united states is now composed have
no powers to exact obedience or punish
disobedience to their resolutions
either by pecuniary mults by a
suspension or divestiture of privileges
or by any other constitutional mode
there is no expressed delegation of
authority to them to use force against
delinquent members and if such a right
should be ascribed by the federal head
as resulting from the nature of the
social compact between the states it
must be by
inference and construction in the face
of that part of the second article by
which it is declared
that each state shall retain every power
jurisdiction and right not expressly
delegated to the united states in
congress assembled
there is doubtless a striking absurdity
in supposing that a right of this kind
does not exist
but we are reduced to the dilemma either
of embracing that supposition
preposterous as it may seem or of
contravening or explaining away a
provision which has been of late a
repeated theme of the eulogies of those
who oppose the new constitution and the
want of which in that plan
has been the subject of much plausible
animate version and severe criticism
if we are unwilling to impair the force
of this applauded provision
we shall be obliged to conclude that the
united states afford the extraordinary
spectacle of a government destitute even
of the shadow of constitutional power to
enforce the execution of its own laws
it will appear from the specimens which
have been cited that the american
confederacy in this particular stands
discriminated from
every other institution of a similar
kind and exhibits a new and
unexampled phenomenon in the political
world
the want of a mutual guarantee of the
state governments is
another capital imperfection in the
federal plan
there is nothing of this kind declared
in the articles that compose it and to
imply a tacit guarantee from
considerations of utility
would be a still more flagrant departure
from the clause which has been mentioned
than to imply a tacit power of coercion
from the like considerations
the want of guarantee though it might in
its consequences endanger the union
does not so immediately attack its
existence as the want of constitutional
sanction to its laws
without a guarantee the assistance to be
derived from the union in repelling
those domestic dangers which may
sometimes threaten the existence of the
state constitutions
must be renounced usurpation may rear
its crest in each state
and trample upon the liberties of the
people while the national government
could legally do nothing more than
behold its encroachments with
indignation and regret
a successful faction may erect tyranny
on the ruins of order and law
while no sucker could constitutionally
be afforded by the union to the friends
and supporters of the government
the tempestuous situation from which
massachusetts has scarcely emerged
evinces that dangers of this kind are
not merely speculative
who can determine what might have been
the issue of her late convulsions
if the malcontents had been headed by a
caesar or by a cromwell
who can predict what affected despotism
established in massachusetts would have
upon the liberties of new hampshire or
rhode island
of connecticut or new york the
inordinate pride of state importance
has suggested to some minds an objection
to the principle of a guarantee in the
federal government
as involving an officious interference
in the domestic concerns of the members
a scruple of this kind would deprive us
of one of the principal advantages to be
expected from union
and can only flow from a misapprehension
of the nature of the provision itself
it could be no impediment to reforms of
the state constitution by a majority of
the people in illegal and peaceable mode
this right would remain undiminished the
guarantee could only operate against
changes to be affected by violence
toward the preventions of calamities of
this kind too many checks cannot be
provided
the peace of society and the stability
of government depend absolutely on the
efficacy of the precautions adopted on
this head
where the whole power of the government
is in the hands of the people there is
the less pretense for the use of violent
remedies in partial or occasional
distempers of the state
the natural cure for an ill
administration in a popular or
representative constitution
is a change of men a guarantee by the
national authority would be as much
leveled against the usurpations of
rulers as against the ferments and
outrages of faction and sedition in the
community
the principle of regulating the
contributions of the states to the
common treasury by quotas is another
fundamental error in the confederation
its repugnancy to an adequate supply of
the national exigencies has been already
pointed out and has sufficiently
appeared from the trial which has been
made of it
i speak of it now solely with a view to
equality among the states
those who have been accustomed to
contemplate the circumstances which
produce and constitute national wealth
must be satisfied that there is no
common standard or barometer by which
the degrees of it can be ascertained
neither the value of lands nor the
numbers of people which have been
successively proposed as the rule of
state contributions
has any pretension to being a just
representative if we compare the wealth
of the united netherlands with that of
russia or
germany or even of france and if we at
the same time compare the total value of
the lands and the aggregate population
of that contracted district
with the total value of the lands and
the aggregate population of the immense
regions of either of the three last
mentioned countries we shall at once
discover that there is no comparison
between the proportion of either of
these two subjects
and that of the relative wealth of those
nations if the like parallel were to be
run between several of the american
states
it would furnish a like result let
virginia be contrasted with north
carolina
pennsylvania with connecticut or
maryland with new jersey and we should
be convinced
that the respective abilities of those
states in relation to revenue bear
little or no analogy to their
comparative stock in lands
or to their comparative population the
position may be equally illustrated by a
similar process
between the countries of the same state
no man who is acquainted with the state
of new york will doubt that the active
wealth of king's county bears a much
greater proportion to that of montgomery
than it would appear to be if we should
take either the total value of the lands
or the total number of people as a
criterion
the wealth of nations depends upon an
infinite variety of causes
situation soil climate the nature of the
productions the nature of the government
the genius of the citizens the degree of
information they possess
the state of commerce of arts of
industry these circumstances and many
more
too complex minute or adventitious to
admit of a particular specification
occasion differences hardly conceivable
in the relative opulence and riches of
different countries
the consequence clearly is that there
can be no common measure of national
wealth and of course no general or
stationary rule by which the ability of
a state to pay taxes can be determined
the attempt therefore to regulate the
contributions of the members of a
confederacy by any such rule cannot fail
to be productive of glaring inequality
and extreme oppression
this inequality would of itself be
sufficient in america to work the
eventual destruction of the union
if any mode of enforcing a compliance
with its requisitions could be devised
the suffering states would not long
consent to remain associated upon a
principle which distributes the public
burdens with so unequal a hand
and which was calculated to impoverish
and oppress the citizens of some states
while those of others would scarcely be
conscious of the small proportion of the
weight they were required to sustain
this however is an evil inseparable from
the principle of quotas and requisitions
there is no method of steering clear of
this inconvenience but by authorizing
the national government to raise its own
revenues in its own way
imposts excises and in general all
duties upon articles of consumption may
be compared to a fluid which will
in time find its level with the means of
paying them
the amount to be contributed by each
citizen will in a degree
be at his own option and can be
regulated by an attention to his
resources
the rich may be extravagant the poor can
be frugal and private oppression may
always be avoided by a judicious
selection of objects proper for such
impositions
if inequalities should arise in some
states from duties on particular objects
these will
in all probability be counterbalanced by
proportional inequalities in other
states from the duties on other objects
in the course of time and things and
equilibrium as far as it is attainable
in so complicated a subject will be
established everywhere
or if inequalities should still exist
they would neither be so great in their
degree
so uniform in their operation or so
odious in their appearance as those
which would necessarily spring from
quotas upon any scale that can possibly
be devised
it is a signal advantage of taxes on
articles of consumption that they
contain in their own nature a security
against excess
they prescribe their own limit which
cannot be exceeded without defeating the
end proposed
that is an extension of the revenue when
applied to this object
the saying is as just as it is witty
that in political arithmetic
two and two do not always make four if
duties are too high they lessen the
consumption
the collection is eluded and the product
to the treasury is not so great is when
they are confined within proper and
moderate bounds
this forms a complete barrier against
any material oppression of the citizens
by taxes of this class
and is itself a natural limitation of
the power of imposing them
impositions of this kind usually fall
under the denomination of indirect taxes
and must for a long time constitute the
chief part of the revenue raised in this
country
those of the direct kind which
principally relate to land and buildings
may admit of a rule of apportionment
either the value of land or the number
of the people may serve as a standard
the state of agriculture and the
populousness of a country have been
considered as nearly connected with each
other
and as a rule for the purpose intended
numbers in the view of simplicity and
certainty are entitled to a preference
in every country it is a herculean task
to obtain evaluation of the land
in a country imperfectly settled and
progressive in improvement the
difficulties are increased almost
to impracticability the expense of an
accurate valuation is
in all situations a formidable objection
in a branch of taxation where no limits
to the discretion of the government are
to be found in the nature of things
the establishment of a fixed rule not
incompatible with the end
may be attended with fewer
inconveniences than to leave that
discretion altogether at large
publius